Actually that's really quick we'll
just look at exercise five's usage and
see the problem that prop getter solves.
So why is this not enough?
Well what would happen if I were to say,
all right, so
this button, I wanted to be a toggle
button but I also have like analytics.
And I wanna track whenever
the user clicks on this button.
So I'm gonna add an onClick or
here we'll do just console log click.
Okay we'll save that, we'll go over here,
and we're getting that.
Wait what?
It's because I'm not
clicking the right one.
It was like doing the opposite of
what I thought it was going to do.
So, we're getting the click, awesome,
but it's not toggling anymore.
So who wants to volunteer to
answer why did this happen?
>> You're overriding that.
>> Yeah, yeah I'm overriding the prop
that I'm getting from toggle props.
Okay simple fix.
We'll just move that down,
and there we go.
I'm toggling sweet.
Wait but
my analytics aren't working anymore.
I did the opposite problem.
So, this is why prop collection or
prop collections are great but
this is why prop getters are a thing.
So, here's how I would solve that or
here's one way that I can solve that.
So, I could say okay on click we are going
to be that below and override it and
then we'll call toggler
props to on click and
lets just forward all the arge's,
wherever they are I don't care.
Toggler props.
And, there's my solution.
This actually will work.
Ta-da.
So I'm getting both of
my things happening.
But as a user of this component,
I don't like that.
That's like super annoying, and
it almost makes me think, well why
do I even need the toggler process?
What value is that thing giving me anyway?
Well prop getter allows us to have our
cake and eat it too sort of speak.
Where instead of Instead
of spreading an object,
we actually call a function and
that returns an object and we spread that.
And the function accepts all the props
that we want applied to the button.
And then that function's job is
to compose those props together.
So that at the end results what
we're spreading across the button
are the props should be applied.
And so
the function can be in charge of applying
the onClick both the custom onClick or
onButtonClick as well as a onClick or
the toggle function that it needs.
And what's nice about this is let say that
in the future we change from onClick to on
key press or something like that then
like this will continue to work.
And the consumer of the API doesn't
need to know the implementation details
of what's happening under the hood.
Whereas In this case,
if we change it from onClick to
onKeyPress now they have to go
update our code to make that work.
So that is togglerProps or
that is a prop getters.
And let's go ahead and do that Exercise.
So to do this we're gonna run,
I've got tests all over the place,
let's reset --hard, and
just clean myself up here.
And we'll run, we'll comment this out,
comment this in, run MTMT to run the test.
And let's by the way, sometimes you'll
see this giant red wall of text.
And I'm sorry, blame JS dome.
But yeah,
we're getting a type error because
get toggle props is not a function.
You're supposed to make it.
Okay, let's do that.